fix: use working external links (#2647)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/identity/pages/single-sign-on-with-cas.adoc

[discrete]
==== CAS SSO and Java client application

> // TODO 404 error https://apereo.github.io/cas/4.0.x/protocol/REST-Protocol.html 6.6.x is the oldest available version (other link in this page)
> To enable a Java client application to access the engine using CAS authentication, the simplest way is to enable https://apereo.github.io/cas/4.0.x/protocol/REST-Protocol.html[REST authentication on CAS server] and have the Java client <<cas-rest-api,retrieve the `ticket` for the bonita `service` URL>>. +

Author: **suggestion:** 
```suggestion
To enable a Java client application to access the engine using CAS authentication, the simplest way is to enable https://apereo.github.io/cas/7.0.x/protocol/REST-Protocol.html[REST authentication on CAS server] and have the Java client <<cas-rest-api,retrieve the `ticket` for the bonita `service` URL>>. +
```
